# Eve Fitting Block

This is a [MediaWiki][mwiki] extension that adds a function to the parser for
[Eve Fitting Tool (EFT)][eft] style fittings. It ensures line breaks are
properly preserved and turns the header into a link for the in-game browser
that will open a fitting window in game when clicked.

[mwiki]:http://www.mediawiki.org/
[eft]: https://forums.eveonline.com/default.aspx?g=posts&t=24359

## Requirements

* MediaWiki >=1.17.0

* PHP >=5.3.0

* PDO and a PDO extension for your database (optional)

## Installation

Like other MediaWiki extensions, simply place the EveFitting directory in the
`extensions` directory in the base of your MediaWiki installation. Then, add
this line to the end of your LocalSettings.php:

    require_once "$IP/extensions/EveFitting/EveFitting.php";

## Configuration

There are two methods provided for mapping item type names to the typeIDs used
in-game. `array` uses a large array for mapping the item names to the IDs,
while `sql` uses a database with the [Eve Static Data Export][sde] on it. The
`sql` method is preferred, as it uses about 3MB less memory per uncached
request.

[sde]: http://community.eveonline.com/community/fansites/toolkit/

To select a mapper, set `$wgEveFittingTypeIDMapper` to either `'array'` or to
`'sql'` in LocalSettings.php.

### Database

If you are using the `sql` mapper, you need to provide the connection details
for your database. The names should be fairly self-explanatory:

* `$wgEveFittingDatabaseDSN` is the DSN for your database. An example for
  MySQL: `mysql:host=127.0.0.1;port=8889;dbname=eve_sde`

* `$wgEveFittingDatabaseUsername` is the username required to connect to the
  database.

* `$wgEveFittingDatabasePassword` is the password for the previously specified
  user.

* `$wgEveFittingDatabaseOptions` is an array of any database options you may
  need. It is preferable to simply append to this as there may be options
  preconfigured.

The only table needed in the database is invTypes, and the only columns used
are typeID and typeName.

## Usage

Wrap your EFT block in `{{#EFT:` and `}}`. You don't need to add `<br />` to
the end of lines, the extension takes care of that. It also doesn't care if
you've already added them, it discards them.

Example:

    {{#EFT:[Viator, Speedy Viator]
    
    Nanofiber Internal Structure II
    Nanofiber Internal Structure II
    Nanofiber Internal Structure II
    
    10MN Microwarpdrive II
    Adaptive Invulnerability Field II
    Adaptive Invulnerability Field II
    
    Covert Ops Cloaking Device II
    
    Medium Cargohold Optimization I
    Medium Cargohold Optimization I}}

Result:

> <p><a href="javascript:CCPEVE.showFitting('12743:2605;3:12076;1:2281;2:11578;1:31119;2:')">[Viator, Speedy Viator]</a><br /><br />Nanofiber Internal Structure II<br />Nanofiber Internal Structure II<br />Nanofiber Internal Structure II<br /><br />10MN Microwarpdrive II<br />Adaptive Invulnerability Field II<br />Adaptive Invulnerability Field II<br /><br />Covert Ops Cloaking Device II<br /><br />Medium Cargohold Optimization I<br />Medium Cargohold Optimization I
</p>

Clicking the link ("[Viator, Speedy Viator]") in the in-game browser will
open an in-game fitting window. Well, it would if Github didn't strip the
Javascript out.


## Known Issues

* The in-game fitting window will show "truncated" in red, but no items are
  missing.

